0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, before:

This directory consists of tasks/scripts that form pat of the 0x02-shell, i/o rediections and filters project for alx. The tasks/scripts are namely:
task 0: Print hello world
task 1 print a confused smiley
task 2 displya /etc/passwd
task 3 display two files - etc/passwd and etc/hosts
task 4 display last 10 lines of etc/passwd
task 5 display first 10 lines of etc/passwd
task 6 display third line of file iacta
task 7 create file \\\*\\\\'\"Best School\"\\\'\\\\\*\$\\\\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line. (not complete)
task 8 write ls -la to a file
task 9 duplicate last line of file iacta
task 10 delete all regular files in currect directory and subdirectory containing .js files
task 11 counts the number of diectories and subdiectories the current directory has
task 12 display the newest ten files in cd
task 13 display unique words in a file/input
task 14 diplay lines containg "root' in etc/passwd
task 15 count lines containing word "bin" in /etc/passwd 
task 16 Display lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd.
task 17 Display all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”.
task 18 Display all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter.
task 19 Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively.
task 20 Create a script that removes all letters c and C from input.
task 21 Write a script that reverse its input.
task 22 Write a script that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users.

Commit message:

Complete advacne tasks and update readme accordingly

0x02-shell_redirections/README.md, after:

This directory consists of tasks/scripts that form pat of the 0x02-shell, i/o rediections and filters project for alx. The tasks/scripts are namely:
task 0: Print hello world
task 1 print a confused smiley
task 2 displya /etc/passwd
task 3 display two files - etc/passwd and etc/hosts
task 4 display last 10 lines of etc/passwd
task 5 display first 10 lines of etc/passwd
task 6 display third line of file iacta
task 7 create file \\\*\\\\'\"Best School\"\\\'\\\\\*\$\\\\?\*\*\*\*\*:) containing the text Best School ending by a new line. (not complete)
task 8 write ls -la to a file
task 9 duplicate last line of file iacta
task 10 delete all regular files in currect directory and subdirectory containing .js files
task 11 counts the number of diectories and subdiectories the current directory has
task 12 display the newest ten files in cd
task 13 display unique words in a file/input
task 14 diplay lines containg "root' in etc/passwd
task 15 count lines containing word "bin" in /etc/passwd 
task 16 Display lines containing the pattern “root” and 3 lines after them in the file /etc/passwd.
task 17 Display all the lines in the file /etc/passwd that do not contain the pattern “bin”.
task 18 Display all lines of the file /etc/ssh/sshd_config starting with a letter.
task 19 Replace all characters A and c from input to Z and e respectively.
task 20 Create a script that removes all letters c and C from input.
task 21 Write a script that reverse its input.
task 22 Write a script that displays all users and their home directories, sorted by users

Also completed four advance tasks:
task 23: Write a command that finds all empty files and directories in the current directory and all sub-directories
task 24: Write a script that lists all the files with a .gif extension in the current directory and all its sub-directories.
task 25:Create a script that decodes acrostics that use the first letter of each line.
task 26: Write a script that parses web servers logs in TSV format as input and displays the 11 hosts or IP addresses which did the most requests.
